{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs53\fsmilli26667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy for "Moment" Mobile App
\f1\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Effective Date: 3.11.2023
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy outlines how "Moment," our mobile app, collects, uses, shares, and protects your personal information. By using our app, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1. Information We Collect:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1.1. Personal Information:
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- We may collect personal information, such as your name, email address, and phone number, when you voluntarily provide it for account registration or support purposes.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1.2. Usage Information:
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- We automatically collect certain information about your use of the app, such as your device type, operating system, and app usage data.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1.3. Location Data:
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- If you grant us permission, we may collect location data for specific app features that require it. You can manage location settings in your device.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2. How We Use Your Information:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2.1. Personal Information:
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- We may use your personal information to communicate with you, provide customer support, and enhance your user experience within the app.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2.2. Usage Information:
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- We use usage data to improve our app's performance, troubleshoot issues, and analyze user behavior for better features.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2.3. Location Data:
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Location data is used for specific app features, such as geolocation services, mapping, and navigation.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3. Sharing Your Information:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3.1. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3.2. We may share information with trusted service providers that assist us in delivering our app's services. These service providers are contractually obligated to protect your data.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3.3. We may disclose information if required by law, to protect our rights, or in response to legal requests.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 4. Data Security:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We take reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no method of transmission or storage is 100% secure.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 5. Your Choices:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 You can manage your personal information by accessing your account settings in the app. You may also choose to disable location services if you no longer wish to share your location with us.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 6. Children's Privacy:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Our app is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe a child has provided us with their information, please contact us to have it removed.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 7. Changes to this Policy:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The latest version will be available within the app. By continuing to use the app after changes are made, you agree to the revised policy.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 8. Contact Us:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or your data, please contact us at momentforquestion@gmail.com.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 By using the "Moment" app, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our app.
\f2\fs24 \
\
}