{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs53\fsmilli26667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms of Use \
for "Moment" Mobile App
\f1\b\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Effective Date: 3.11.2023
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 By using the "Moment" mobile app, you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions. Please read these terms carefully:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1. App Usage:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1.1. You may use the "Moment" app for personal or non-commercial purposes. Any use of the app for commercial purposes requires our prior written consent.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 1.2. You agree not to use the app for any unlawful or prohibited activities.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2. User Accounts:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2.1. To access certain features of the app, you may be required to create a user account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and for any activities that occur under your account.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2.2. You must provide accurate and up-to-date information when creating your account and promptly update it if there are any changes.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3. Privacy:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3.1. Your use of the app is also governed by our Privacy Policy. By using the app, you consent to the collection and use of information as described in the Privacy Policy.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 4. App Content:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 4.1. All content within the "Moment" app, including but not limited to text, images, videos, and other materials, is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may not use, reproduce, or distribute this content without proper authorization.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 4.2. You may submit your content to the app, and you are solely responsible for the content you post. You grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, and transferable license to use, reproduce, and display your content within the app.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 5. User Conduct:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 5.1. You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities when using the app:
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Harassing, stalking, or threatening others.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Posting or sharing content that is defamatory, harmful, or illegal.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Attempting to gain unauthorized access to the app's systems or other users' accounts.
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Using the app to distribute spam or other unsolicited communications.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 6. Termination:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 6.1. We reserve the right to terminate your access to the app at our discretion, with or without cause, and without notice.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 7. Changes to the Terms:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 7.1. We may update these Terms of Use from time to time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting the updated terms within the app. Your continued use of the app after any changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised terms.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 8. Disclaimer:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 8.1. The "Moment" app is provided "as is," without any warranties, express or implied. We do not guarantee that the app will always be available, error-free, or secure. Your use of the app is at your own risk.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 9. Contact Us:
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 If you have questions or concerns about these Terms of Use, please contact us at momentforquestion@gmail.com.
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 By using the "Moment" app, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use our app.
\f2\fs24 \
\
}